#Sima
[Boil a few liters of the water and pour over the sugar. Add the rest of the water cold. Add yeast, mix well. Add sliced lemons. Let sit in room temperature for a day, bottle and move to the fridge. Add a dash of sugar and a few raisins to the bottom of every bottle. Sima is done when the raisins float to the top.
%80 dl § water ¤ 11 dl § sugar ¤ 0.25 tsp § yeast ¤ 2 § lemon
-----
#Butter bean & chorizo stew
[Slice the chorizo and tip into a large saucepan over a medium heat. Fry gently for 5 mins or until starting to turn dark brown. Add the tomatoes and butter beans, bring to the boil, then simmer for 10 mins. Swirl through the pesto, season lightly and ladle into four bowls.
%200 g § chorizo ¤ 800 g § chopped tomatoes ¤ 800 g § butter beans ¤ 1 tub § pesto
-----
#Cookie icecream sandwiches
[Take choco chip cookies and slap some ice cream in-between!  Let cookies cool before icecreaming.
%1 pack § chocolate chip cookies ¤ 1 pack § vanilla icecream ¤ 1 tsp § yeast ¤
-----
#Chocolate chip cookies
[To make the cookies, tip the sugars and butter into a large bowl. Get a grown-up to help you use an electric hand mixer to blend them together until the mixture looks smooth and creamy, and a little paler in colour.  Carefully break in the eggs, one at a time, mixing well between each egg and pausing to scrape down the sides with a spatula. Mix in the vanilla. (To avoid unwanted crunchy bits, get your helper to crack the eggs into a separate bowl first, then it’s easy to pick out any shell before tipping into the mixture.)  Sift in the flour and baking powder, then mix well with a wooden spoon.  Stir through the chocolate chunks. Use your hands to squeeze the dough together in 1 big lump, then split into 2 even pieces. Put each piece on a sheet of cling film.  Roll each piece of dough in the cling film so that they form thick sausage shapes, then seal the ends. Put them in the fridge and chill for at least 3 hrs or overnight – can be frozen at this point.  Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/ gas 4. Take the dough rolls out of the fridge, unwrap and use a small knife to slice each one into 12 pieces, so you have 24 in total.  Place the slices on a baking tray lined with baking parchment. Ask a grown-up to put this in the oven to bake for 20 mins or until the cookies are golden brown on the edges, but still pale in the centre.
%280 g § light soft brown sugar ¤ 225 g § granulated sugar ¤ 250 g § butter ¤ 2 § egg ¤ 1 tbsp § vanilla extract ¤ 450 g § flour ¤ 2 tsp § baking powder ¤ 300 g § milk chocolate ¤ 
-----